[docs] Revise Showcase copy for clarity + audit appList (#31946)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/discover-more/showcase/showcase.md

# Showcase

> <p class="description">Check out these public apps using Material UI to get inspired for your next project.</p>

Reviewer: Will we have one showcase per product or one showcase for the whole suite?

```suggestion
<p class="description">Check out these public apps using MUI to get inspired for your next project.</p>
```

Reviewer 2: I'd say one showcase per product (inside each one's documentation). This is considering that _showcase_ is one thing and _case study_ (an article that goes more in-depth on a given user experience with MUI [product] — [illustrative benchmark](https://linear.app/customers/loom)) is another.

> <p class="description">Check out these public apps using MUI's products to get inspired for your next project.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Check out these public apps using Material UI to get inspired for your next project.</p>
```
To be consistent with that direction of "reflect reality". Currently, these are all apps using Material UI — as far as we know. Later on, I think we can have a more structured Case Study page where we dissect their experience using whatever MUI product. Does it make sense?

Author: Yeah that makes sense to me.

Are you working with MUI's component libraries? [Show us what you're building](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/22426)! We'd love to see it.

> To be featured on this page, your app should meet the following requirements:

Reviewer 2: Just to make sure: do I have to meet **all of them** or **some of them**?

Author: That is a good question. I would think that at least one of the criteria would be sufficient.

Author: Updated to make that more clear.

Reviewer: At least one 👍

> To be featured on this page, your app should meet the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
To be featured on this page, your app should meet at least one of the following requirements:
```

> To be featured on this page, your app should meet at least one of the following requirements:

Reviewer: Should we emphasize that we don't look for PRs on this page? One attempt:

```suggestion
The apps listed on this page have been curated by MUI's maintainers. Each app should meet at least one of the following requirements:
```

Author: Ah ok, that's a good idea. Is there some other way for people to submit their app for consideration? Or are we trying to discourage that?

Author: Then again, if we don't want people to submit their apps here, then maybe we don't need to list any criteria at all? We can just say something like "This is a curated list of some of the best apps we've found that show off what's possible with Material UI."

# Showcase

<p class="description">The following is a list of some of the public apps using MUI.</p>
<p class="description">Check out these public apps using Material UI to get inspired for your next project.</p>

Are you using MUI? [Share your product](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/22426).
Are you working with MUI's component libraries? [Show us what you're building](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/22426)! We'd love to see it.

The websites we include rank well in at least one of these dimensions:

> - Non Material Design customization

Reviewer: I have moved this information to https://www.notion.so/mui-org/Showcase-8ab60cbd5afc45729c60d9fcf00e8838#a887c5d2eb114c679ad8c462c2b58aed

> This is a curated list of some of the best apps we've seen that show off what's possible with Material UI.

Reviewer: Maybe to keep it generic? 

```suggestion
This is a curated list of some of the best apps we've seen that show off what's possible with Material UI or MUI.
```

Reviewer 2: But what does MUI means in that sense? Is it using Base? System? If yes, I guess we should have a Showcase page in each of the packages docs.

Reviewer: "MUI" would mean any of our products. We could make it clearer with
```suggestion
This is a curated list of some of the best apps we've seen that show off what's possible with Material UI or other  MUI's products. 
```

Regarding how to scale the showcase, I will expect many projects to use multiple of our products, we should design for this.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that's a good point, which makes me think that this page might be better suited for an MUI-general documentation space where we could then add a product filter.

Author: If we want to keep it open to all of our products, then I would suggest keeping it simple:

```suggestion
This is a curated list of some of the best apps we've seen that show off what's possible with MUI's products.
```
